My approach to building a site with scheduled livestreamed video events and posts about new products:

First, I would consider the environment. You need to stream live video, have verified user accounts, integrated live chat, email signup, surveys and moderated post commenting, and the extensibility and flexibility for currently unknown future requirements. Personally, I have a lot of experience with Wordpress, and it can do all of the above and more, so I'll use it as an example, though there are certainly other solutions that would also work. The next question to my mind is regarding hosting. You need scalable web hosting that can handle large increases in traffic during livestream events. Other vital things such as security, backups, CDN usage, and more would be included in the hosting discussion.

The environment would presumably be on a subdomain of the main site. I would suggest implementing SSO between the two subdomains so that current users or new users that sign up on a different subdomain would be able to use logged-in services seamlessly, which would help with preordering or product ordering from the livestream events. Analytics can also be tracked across subdomains more easily than cross-domain. 

When it comes to the livestreamed video events themselves, there are multiple solutions available. Budget concerns, scalability, usability, and accessibility would all need to be discussed. Perhaps there's a solution for live closed captioning, for example. Other companies have achieved success livestreaming events, so I would investigate their solutions and try to talk to people who had already gone through the process to try to avoid any pitfalls. One solution that looked interesting to me is Smartzer: https://www.smartzer.com/product. As an example, we could use something like this to have a pop-out product ordering system right on the live video. There are other solutions as well, including creating a custom, tailored product catalog to display under or beside the video, but I think an interactive video solution like smartzer would be smart...*zer*.

Product posts could be accomplished quite easily with wordpress as well, and can be locked down based on user role to only allow verified user accounts to post/comment. Surveys can also be tied to the post and the user, or made anonymous. Adding users to an email campaign is also easily achieved with a quick form that can automatically integrate with Mailchimp or another email marketing solution. 

Perhaps the most holistic way to approach a new site would be to bring your current site along onto a new platform, because it would eliminate the need for SSO across separate platforms, among other concerns. Additionally, it would be more beneficial for SEO purposes to keep everything on the main domain. However, it can be done using subdomains and separate platforms as well, if the shopify site is too cost-prohibitive to replicate in a different environment.
